hello everyone small addition rules
miracle quadric jersey already 8 c
not to video obzorschika do not know how
call you need to break off your hands for
what I didn't put on I in the video review for this
quadrics wonderful thing is that
its water is packed in a box i took
instructions and found how it is calibrated and
after that , of course I flew only
the impression of this quadric is more than
have changed whom now you too
I'll show you to calibrate
we just need to turn on
quadric here it is now so flashes
We include our control and bind
quadric to the console so as you can see everything
works on this button we press
need to choose one hundred percent this is one hundred
percent power which will fly
and push this one here and this one
stick here and wait see blinked
blinked and lit constantly so here I am
when I tried to calibrate I just
clicked so watched that blinked and
let go as you can see here here
I have everything calibrated, everything costs zero
and now
quadrics already flies already rises smoothly
and without any Brest your decrees to the side
I'm flying it for sure
show on the apartment I fly scared u
I stretch ceilings and more such
feature
I click here on this button by pressing and
you can wait long for our waving
you can turn off all lights except
rear which is very comfortable and saves
the battery is cast like this when
the battery will already be at the end you
here on the little screen you will not see this in
you will light up these side and start
blink slowly blink even more less
charge and flash quickly mean already charge
less less class